doc/releases: write a note about the "invalid regex" mgr bug (#47343)
ceph/ceph: doc/releases/quincy.rst

Quincy is the 17th stable release of Ceph.  It is named after Squidward
Quincy Tentacles from Spongebob Squarepants.

v17.2.3 Quincy
==============

This is a hotfix release that addresses a libcephsqlite crash in the mgr.

Notable Changes
---------------
* A libcephsqlite bug that caused the mgr to crash repeatedly and die is now

>   fixed. The bug was exposed due to 17.2.2 using gcc 8.5.0-14, which contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  fixed. The bug was exposed due to 17.2.2 being built with gcc 8.5.0-14, which contains
```

Author: Fixed

>   a new patch to check for invalid regex. 17.2.1 was using gcc 8.5.0-13, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a new patch to check for invalid regex. 17.2.1 was built using gcc 8.5.0-13, which
```

Author: Fixed
